Update Configuring Custom Pages (Error and Challenge).md (#10355)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/support/More Dashboard Apps/Cloudflare Custom Pages/Configuring Custom Pages (Error and Challenge).md

States (US) via [IP Access
Rules](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/articles/217074967 "Configuring IP Access Rules")
or firewall rules, publishing and previewing the error page will not

> work. A common error might look like this `Error fetching page: Fetch failed, 
> https://example.com/ipcountryblock.html returned 403 (Code: 1202)`. Make sure that you are serving the custom error 
> page with an HTTP 200 status code, and no WAF rule that's blocking or challenging your custom error page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
work. 

A common error might look like the following: `Error fetching page: Fetch failed, https://example.com/ipcountryblock.html returned 403 (Code: 1202)`. Make sure that you are serving the custom error page with an `HTTP 200` status code, and that no WAF rule is blocking or challenging your custom error page.
```
